Add PX4 ROS 2 service servers docs (#3596)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/middleware/uxrce_dds.md

You can arbitrarily change the configuration.
For example, you could use different default namespaces or use a custom package to store the message definitions.

## DDS (ROS 2) Services

PX4 uXRCE-DDS middleware supports [ROS 2 services](https://docs.ros.org/en/jazzy/Concepts/Basic/About-Services.html).
These are remote procedure calls, from one node to another, which return a result.

> They simplify communication between ROS 2 nodes and PX4 by encapsulating and associating the request and response topics, ensuring that replies are only returned to the specific requesting user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They simplify communication between ROS 2 nodes and PX4 by grouping the request and response behaviour, and ensuring that replies are only returned to the specific requesting user.
```

A service server is the entity that will accept a remote procedure request, perform some computation on it, and return the result.
For example, the `/fmu/vehicle_command` service server defined in [`px4_msgs::srv::VehicleCommand`](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs/blob/main/srv/VehicleCommand.srv) can be called by ROS 2 applications to send PX4 [VehicleCommand](../msg_docs/VehicleCommand.md) uORB messages and receive PX4 [VehicleCommandAck](../msg_docs/VehicleCommandAck.md) uORB messages in response.

> For a list of services, details and examples see the [service documentation](../ros2/user_guide.md#px4-ros-2-service-servers) in the ROS 2 User Guide.

Reviewer: @beniaminopozzan I modified this so that we just have one place where all services are documented "in detail". The ROS2 user guide is the right place for that.

This is a little bit of duplication, but shouldn't need further change once you're happy with it.
